# Mousehole v0.5.0 is here!

Hi all,

Another update! Changes for efficiency, consistency, and polish are in store.
There are breaking changes, but most users (those that just use the frontend)
should be largely unaffected.

## Highlights

- **Breaking**: The new default state directory is `/var/lib/mousehole`. The old
  default (`/srv/mousehole`) was deprecated in v0.3.0 and is now fully removed.
  You can override the path by setting `MOUSEHOLE_STATE_DIR_PATH` to any
  directory you like.
- **Breaking**: The `/ok` endpoint has been removed in favor of `/health`. This
  was deprecated in v0.4.0 and now is fully removed.
- **Breaking**: On the backend, API endpoints are renamed for consistency and
  clarity: the endpoints are now `PUT /cookie` (change cookie value),
  `POST /updates` (trigger an update), and `GET /state` (read the current
  state). Additionally, the shape of the state response has changed for
  simplicity.
- **Breaking**: The `MOUSEHOLE_CHECK_INTERVAL_SECONDS` env var is renamed to
  `MOUSEHOLE_UPDATE_INTERVAL_SECONDS`. This is part of a larger effort to make
  the naming more consistent. (This is how frequently the background update task
  runs.)
- On the frontend, error handling has been improved: If you access on Host that
  has not been allowed, an error message is shown (before, the page would just
  show an endless loading spinner). Also, for errors on actions (logging in,
  setting the cookie, clicking the "Update Now" button), the error message is
  displayed and deduped in a red banner at the top of the page.
- The Unraid guide has been overhauled for clarity and the associated template
  updated to match the latest version of Mousehole. Thank you to
  [@chodeus](https://github.com/chodeus) for their contributions.
- The default Dockerfile healthcheck now reports healthy if the service is up
  and serving. This makes it suitable for container orchestration. The body
  however will report the MAM sync state if you still want to monitor that.
- Mousehole now simply **updates MAM on every interval** instead of trying to
  detect when it should. This removes moving parts for simplicity and maintains
  correctness. The old change-detection logic and
  `MOUSEHOLE_STALE_RESPONSE_SECONDS` is gone.

## Upgrading

For most Docker users: pull the new image. See the
[changelog](https://github.com/t-mart/mousehole/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) for
the full list of changes.

## Feedback

Try it out when you can! If you run into any bugs, please let me know.
